Update cli.md (#97)
strapi/documentation: developer-docs/latest/installation/cli.md

#### Node.js

> Strapi only requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org). The current supported release of Node is **Node LTS v14**, other versions of Node may not be compatible with the current release of Strapi.

Reviewer: Maybe change it to something like:
```suggestion
Strapi only requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org). Strapi only supports **LTS versions** of Node.js, the current recommended version to run Strapi is **Node LTS v14**. Other versions of of Node.js may not be compatible with the latest release of Strapi.
```

Because it also supports v12
